Project Description
We decided to focus our project on Traffic Flow in Seattle since it is a major issue here. 
Looking through all the datasets Seattle has to offer, our dataset ended up landing on traffic flows. 
This was accessible through API links as well as data.seattle.gov. 
The four datasets that looked the most relatable to this project included; SDOT Traffic Signals, 
a table on traffic injuries in 2015, Traffic Flow, and Bike Racks within Downtown Seattle. 
This information is useful because the coordinates of what was needed could be found and gave 
us important information we could incorporate within our own design. 
Our target audience is based on people looking through Seattle based on traffic flows. 
We can expand this however to incorporate parts that highlight our other datasets as well. 
Aside from traffic flows, we have datasets pertaining to bike racks, traffic signals, 
and any injuries that may have occurred. The injuries may not be as commonly looked at within our dataset, 
however, our other datasets can heavily relate to people within the greater Seattle community. 
Even at UW, it is fairly obvious that most people ride bikes to get around campus. 
It’s also important to know where the traffic lights are placed within the area 
since sometimes people go a route to avoid signals in order to go faster. 
Overall, our audience is centered towards those who are planning to get around the Seattle area. 
	By the end someone should be able to know how to do 3 separate things. 
  1) How can they find the traffic signals in Seattle, 
  2) How the daily traffic flows and the route they’re going looks like, and 
  3) Where bike racks in downtown Seattle can be found. Our audience will be able to learn these 3 things because our project will focus on this. 

Technical Description
	The format of our final product might be an app or HTML page in order to showcase what we have designed. 
  We have decided to use an API in order to sort our data. 
  Most of our data can be found through data.seattle.gov, which is how we consolidated what we should create. 
  We are still looking into how we can use data-wrangling to create our project but at the moment we are debating 
  about using reformatting. Our questions we have do not need a probability, since they will have factual evidence. 
  We can use that in order to find out the information needed related to traffic flows. 
  We may have technical questions related to setting up our data better and creating a set to make the data look concise. 
  I believe any problems we may run into would simply include setting up the data properly and making sure that there wasn’t 
  any easy mistakes causing our setup to crash. As long as our code works properly and we can use the API we need, 
  we should be able to function perfectly. 


